well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about Dallas I did a video on it at the
time when the incident first happened I
have to say I am I'm pretty pleased with
the verdict I'm pretty pleased with the
outcome there I'm a little surprised to
be honest it's sad we live in a society
where when the wheels of justice appear
to be spinning in the right direction it
is surprising but it is what it is we'll
have to wait till sentencing to see if
justice is truly served or not I want to
talk about the reactions to the verdict
not the ones you're probably thinking
about yes there is a huge racial divide
in how people are viewing this it's not
really what I want to talk about I want
to talk about the divide between gun
owners because I'm watching you all
right now I've never seen so many gun
owners hand ammunition to gun control
advocates in my entire life I've never
seen it it boggles the mind I'm gonna
start by saying that if you somehow feel
that this deserves a lesser charge or
leniency in some way you're not
responsible enough to own a firearm and
to be honest the replies and comments
that I've seen y'all have me
second-guessing my stance on gun control
y'all make me nervous let's go through
the facts real quick she walked into
someone else's home pulled her weapon
and shot and killed an unarmed person
those are the facts
full stop end of story that's what
happened indisputable for people who are
very fond of saying stuff like facts /
feelings and facts don't care about your
feelings y'all are all up in your
feelings right now well she was confused
she was confused and so what
a lack of situational awareness does not
provide grounds for lethal force she was
confused if she was confused in that
disoriented she shouldn't have been
armed well she thought she was in the
right place but she wasn't so she wasn't
that's providing a very easy defense to
any home invader at that point well I
thought this was my house providing a
very easy defense to anybody who's
delusional while I thought the EMS were
aliens trying to abduct me it doesn't
matter what you thought does not matter
the facts matter the facts she had no
business being there she had no right to
be there
period well we have to take into account
her background and that warrants you
know a little leniency I am taking into
account her background that makes it
worse not better what is rule 1 before
you pull that trigger be certain what
you're shooting right have a real good
sight picture know what you're doing
understand what's happening that's rule
one she didn't follow that if she had we
wouldn't be having this conversation
because he'd still be alive
well she said let me see your hands
first we don't know that and second he's
under absolutely no obligation to comply
with somebody who just walks into his
home and pulls a weapon he has no
obligation to do that
and as a police officer she should
understand what auditory exclusion is so
if she walked in surprised him she
should understand that it's going to
take a moment to register what's
happening because Adrenaline's pumping
he may not have even heard her say that
if she did well it was an accident no
noble was it was not an accident it was
not she intended to pull her weapon she
intended to pull the trigger an accident
is when you are shooting at the home
invader after exercising due care and
around goes wide and hits a civilian
that's an accident this wasn't an
accident it wasn't premeditated
why don't you pour weapon intent to use
lethal force in a place she had no
business being not it doesn't matter
that she thought she was in the right
spot what she says doesn't matter if you
can look at this case and somehow find a
way to say well it needs a lesser charge
we need to show leniency you you need to
turn in your weapons you need to sell
your firearms you're not responsible
enough to own a weapon you're not
you are providing
just cases of ammo to gun control
advocates because you are making it very
clear the firearm owners are
irresponsible that they can justify
walking into someone's home and shooting
an unarmed person might makes right I
guess yeah no there's there's no
mitigating factors here she was tired
doesn't matter doesn't matter if you're
that disoriented you shouldn't have a
weapon on you and if you're not
responsible enough to know that you
shouldn't own a weapon and you certainly
shouldn't be in law enforcement and
here's where that
that other component comes in what if
the demographic information was switched
what if a black guy had walked into a
white woman's apartment gunned her down
while she was unarmed and then said oh
I'm sorry I was tired what would you be
saying then this is a moment when you
may really want to look at your biases
you know there's a lot of people out
there who truly don't believe that they
have any biases whatsoever that they're
they're not racist that they're
colorblind whatever in cases like this
it comes out sometimes you may not even
recognize your own biases but if you can
justify this I'm willing to bet there's
one at play because no responsible gun
is gonna look at this and say oh yeah
slap on the rest can happen to anybody
if you think this could happen to
anybody you don't need a weapon you're
not responsible enough for it rights
come with responsibilities anyway it's
just a fault y'all have a good night